# The Sordid Lake in the Woods: A World War 2 Story from Germany


It was a foggy morning in the small town of Osterwald, Germany. The year was 1943 and the effects of World War 2 were felt in every corner of the country. As the sun rose over the horizon, the townspeople began their daily routines, trying to make the best of the difficult times.

In the heart of the town, there was a sordid lake surrounded by dense woods. The locals called it "der schmutzige See" or the Sordid Lake. Legend had it that the lake was cursed and anyone who dared swim in its murky waters would be haunted by the ghosts of fallen soldiers from the war.

However, for a group of young boys, the Sordid Lake was a secret haven. They would often sneak away from their homes to swim and play in the lake, away from the prying eyes of their parents. The boys were fascinated by the rumors surrounding the lake and would often come up with their own stories about the ghosts who haunted it.

One day, as the boys were playing in the lake, they stumbled upon a mysterious crate floating in the water. Curiosity got the better of them and they opened the crate to find a stash of weapons and ammunition. Realizing the gravity of their discovery, the boys quickly reported it to the town authorities.

The authorities were shocked to find out that the crate contained weapons and ammunition from the German army. They immediately launched an investigation and it was revealed that the lake was being used as a secret storage location for the army.

As news of the discovery spread, the town was thrown into chaos. The townspeople were torn between their loyalty to their country and their fear of the cursed lake. The authorities decided to drain the lake in order to retrieve all the hidden weapons.

As the water level in the lake decreased, the townspeople were horrified to find the bodies of fallen soldiers from the war. It was then that the truth about the Sordid Lake was revealed. The lake was not cursed, but it was a mass grave for soldiers who had been killed in the war.

The townspeople were filled with grief and guilt for unknowingly swimming in a lake that held the remains of their fellow countrymen. The boys who had discovered the weapons were hailed as heroes and were praised for their bravery in uncovering the truth.

From that day on, the Sordid Lake was